PATHANKOT & FAZILKA : On 27 July 2011, the Government of Punjab created two new districts: Fazilka district by the partition of Firozpur district, and Pathankot district by the partition of Gurdaspur district.

KHOWAI & SIPAHIJALA : Khowai district is a district of Tripura state of India. This district was created in January, 2012 when four new districts were created in Tripura, taking the number of districts in the state from four to eight. The district headquarters are located in the town Khowai. The district was carved out of West Tripura district along with new Sipahijala district. The district is divided into two subdivisions, namely Khowai and Teliamura.

UNOKOTI : Unakoti (Bengali: ঊনকোটি) is an administrative district in the state of Tripura in northeastern India. It is the least populated district of Tripura, with fourth highest literacy rate. The district has a total of four sub divisions and two blocks. The district was created in 2012, by bifurcating the North Tripura district with its headquarter in Kailashahar.

GOMATI : As part of the administrative reorganisation effected in October last year the Gomati district comprising Udaipur, Amarpur and newly created Karbook subdivisions was created as a truncated version of the erstwhile South Tripura district.

MAHISAGAR : Mahisagar district is a district in the state of Gujarat in India that came into being on 26 January 2013, becoming the 28th district of the state. The district has been carved out of the Panchmahal district and the Kheda district. District Name Mahisagar given from "Mahi River". Lunawada is the district headquarters of Mahisagar. It started its operation in full-fledged from 15 August 2013. --> Judgement call - mapping this to Panchmahal, since its headquarter Lunawada used to be part of Panchmahal.
Lunavada (also transliterated as Lunawada) is a municipality in the Mahisagar district, formerly in the northern part of Gujarat state of India.
Lunawada is the administrative headquarters of the Mahisagar district and one of the most developing towns of central Gujarat. Lunawada was formally a Taluka, administrative subdivision, in the Panchmahal district up to 15 August 2013. The name Lunawada is derived from Luneshwar Mahadev, a temple of Lord Shiva. Lunawada is surrounded by water, the sources being the Panam river, Vasant Sagar, Kishan Sagar, Kanka Talav, Veri, Mahi River and Darkoli Talav lake.

ARAVALLI : Aravalli district is a district in the state of Gujarat in India that came into being on August 15, 2013, becoming the 29th district of the state. The district has been carved out of the Sabarkantha district. The district headquarters are at Modasa.

MORBI : Morbi district is in the state of Gujarat, India. It was formed on August 15, 2013, along with several other districts, on the 67th Independence Day of India. Morbi city is the administrative headquarters of the district. The district has 5 talukas - Morbi, Maliya, Tankara, Wankaner (previously in Rajkot district) and Halvad (previously in Surendranagar district). Morbi city is the administrative headquarters of Morbi district. The town of Morbi is situated on the Machchhu River, 35 km from the sea and 60 km from Rajkot. As per 2011 census data, the city had a population of 2,10,451 and average literacy rate of 83.64%. --> Judgement call - mapping this to Rajkot.

BOTAD : Botad District is a district of the state of Gujarat, India. It was created on 15 August 2013 from the southwestern part of Ahmedabad District and the northwestern part of Bhavnagar District. Botad consist of four talukas: Botad, Gadhada, Barvala, Ranpur. Botad city is the administrative headquarters of the district. --> Judgement call - mapping this to Bhavnagar, since it's admin headquarters Botad City used to be in Bhavnagar district.
Botad is a city and district headquarters of Botad district, Gujarat, India. It is about 92 km from Bhavnagar and 133 km From Ahmedabad by road distance.
Botad district is made from Ahmedabad and Bhavnagar. Erstwhile, it was part of Bhavnagar district. Botad District is surrounded by Surendranagar District to the northeast, Rajkot districts to the west, Bhavnagar and Amreli to the south and Ahmedabad District to the East.

GIRSOMNATH, DEVBHUMIDWARKA & CHHOTAUDAIPUR: https://web.archive.org/web/20130817183451/http://articles.timesofindia.indiatimes.com/2013-08-14/ahmedabad/41408891_1_districts-talukas-independence-day
Sr. | Original districts | Newly formed district | Newly formed district's headquarter
1 | Sabarkantha | Aravalli | Modasa
2 | Junagadh | Gir Somnath | Veraval
3 | Bhavnagar, Ahmedabad | Botad | Botad
4 | Vadodara | Chhota Udepur | Chhota Udepur
5 | Panchmahal, Kheda | Mahisagar | Lunawada
6 | Rajkot, Surendranagar, Jamnagar | Morbi | Morbi
7 | Jamnagar | Devbhoomi Dwarka | Khambhaliya

KASGANJ : Kasganj district (earlier called Kanshiram Nagar) is a district of the Indian state Uttar Pradesh. It is located in the division of Aligarh and consists of Kasganj, Patiali and Sahawar tehsils. Its headquarters is at Kasganj.

AMETHI : Amethi was the 72nd district of Uttar Pradesh which came into existence on 1 July 2010 by merging three tehsils of the erstwhile Sultanpur district namely Amethi, Gauriganj and Musafirkhana and two tehsils of the erstwhile Raebareli district, namely, Salon and Tiloi. In 2013, however the Salon sub-district moved from Amethi district back to Raebareli district in Lucknow division. --> Judgement call - mapping this to Sultanpur

SAMBHAL : Sambhal district comes under Moradabad division, its creation was announced on 28 September 2011.

HAPUR : The new district Panchsheel Nagar, was created from the tehsils of Hapur, Garhmukteshwar and Dhaulana (which were previously part of Ghaziabad district) as one of three new districts of Uttar Pradesh on 28 September 2011. U.P. Chief Minister Mayawati justified the decision by declaring that Ghaziabad district was "far too big for administrative efficiency", and that creating smaller districts conformed to the ideas proposed by social reformers B. R. Ambedkar and Jyotirao Phule.
The district was renamed from Panchsheel Nagar to Hapur district on 23 July 2012. Hapur district is a part of Meerut division. --> Judgement call - mapping this to Ghaziabad, since it's admin headquarters Hapur City used to be in Ghaziabad district.
Earlier it was within Ghaziabad district but in 2012 it became a separate district. It comes within Meerut commissionaire.

SHAMLI : Shamli is a district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. This district was carved out from Muzaffarnagar District on 28 September 2011 as Prabudh Nagar and renamed Shamli in July 2012. Shamli is the headquarters of the district.

HATHRAS & AMROHA : The Hathras district, formerly known as Mahamaya Nagar, was created in 1997 with the incorporation of parts of the Aligarh, Mathura, and Agra districts.
District Amroha ( previously called Jyotiba Phule Nagar) has been created by state Government on 15th April 1997 with its headquarters at Amroha. The district is comprised of erstwhile three tahsils viz Amroha, Dhanaura and Hasanpur of district Moradabad.

SOUTHWESTGAROHILLS : The South West Garo Hills is carved out of present West Garo Hills, Meghalaya, India. The District comprises all the villages falling under the two Community and Rural Development Blocks,[3] viz. Betasing and Zikzak Community and Rural Development Blocks, including 33 (thirty-three) villages under Mukdangra Gram Sevak (GS) Circle and Garobadha Gram Sevak Circle of Selsella Community & Rural Development Block, 24 (twenty-four) villages under Okkapara Songma Gram Sevak Circle and Chengkuregre Gram Sevak Circle of Gambeggre Community & Rural Development Block, 13 (thirteen) villages under Jarangkona Gram Sevak Circle of Dalu Community & Rural Development Block and Anggalgre village of Rongkhongre Gram Sevak Circle of Rongram Community & Rural Development Block.

SOUTHWESTKHASIHILLS : The Southwest Khasi Hills district was carved out of the West Khasi Hills district on 3 August 2012.

NORTHGAROHILLS : The North Garo Hills district was carved out of the erstwhile East Garo Hills district. And whereas for public convenience and better administration the Governor of Meghalaya considers it necessary to upgrade the said Resubelpara Civil Sub-Division of East Garo Hills District into a full·fledged District.

KONDAGAON : Kondagaon district is a district of Chhattisgarh, India, and separated from Bastar district on 24 January 2012 with headquarters in Kondagaon.

SURAJPUR : In 2000, it was made part of the present state of Chhattisgarh.[4] In 2012, the six western tehsils of Surguja district were split off to form Surajpur district.

SUKMA : Sukma District is the southern part of Bastar and it is newly formed on 16th January 2012. It is a Sub-Tehsil in 1952 under Bastar region, later upgraded to Tehsil in 1956, After Konta Tehsil is formed in  1960 SDO office Konta at headquarter Sukma started in 1976. When Dantewada is divided from Bastar in 1998 Sukma came under Dantewada District. Sukma got its existence as a new district in the year 2012.

BALODABAZAR : Baloda Bazar-Bhatapara district is a district in Chhattisgarh state of India with its headquarters at Baloda Bazar. Before its creation, it was a part of Raipur district.

GARIABAND : Gariaband District is one of the 33 districts of Chhattisgarh. It has its headquarters at Gariaband town. The district was carved out of Raipur district in 2012.

MUNGELI : Mungeli district is a district of Chhattisgarh, India, with headquarters in Mungeli. It was carved out of Bilaspur district in 2013.

BEMETARA : Bemetara district is a newly constituted district of the state of Chhattisgarh, which was formed on January 1, 2012 after partition of the Durg district.It is located on the northern side of the durg district. Total area of the district is 2854.81 sq. km.

BALRAMPUR : Balrampur-Ramanujganj district is a district in the Indian state of Chhattisgarh. It came into existence on 17 January 2012 and was formerly part of Surguja district. Balrampur-Ramanujganj district is the northernmost district of Chhattisgarh. It's seat is Balrampur.

BALOD : Balod was one of the new districts that were formed in 2012 and became the 27th district of Chhattisgarh
Balod district came into existence on Jan 1 2012
On 1 January 2012 it was notified as Civil District though revenue district was declared from 10 January 2012
Before formation,it was part of Durg district
Currently Balod has one college, one court, one CHC ( Community Health Center ), and a jail.

NAMSAI : The Namsai district of Arunachal Pradesh is a foothill district. It was carved out of Lohit District in 2014 and became the 18th District of the state.

LONGDING : The Longding district became a full-fledged district after bifurcating from Tirap district on 19th March 2012.

PALGHAR : The part of the country's largest urban sea-hill of Thane District divisioned on 1st August 2014 and 36th new district of Maharashtra, Palghar came into existence.

AGARMALWA : Agar Malwa is the 51st district and a municipality in the state of Madhya Pradesh, India, formed in 2013 by excluding a part of Shajapur District. It is situated along the Indore—Kota SH-27 highway.

ALIPURDUAR : Alipurduar district has been carved out from Jalpaiguri on 25th June, 2014 as the 20th district in the state of West Bengal, India.